In the last lecture we had a code to post a new wall post to the back and that's nice but let's now
fetch it the place to fetch all posts of course is to not serve it in an action in our store because
remember this is executed whenever we request this page for the first time.
Now in reality you really want to fetch all posts in one step here.
You might just want to fetch a slice and then read fetch them as users navigate around.
In our app here it's perfectly fine to fetch all the posts because we don't have even close as many
as we would need to refactor this.
So what I will do is I'll get rid of this Ramas I returned so that I have an empty Knocke server in
action.
And now we can return what we need to return the proneness here if we run async code and we will run
async code because I want to send the HTP request we do that with x yes.
So let's import x years from X years into this fall to with that imported.
We can go back to the next server in it and return x years.
Get now because you want to send a get request.
Now I want to get all my posts so we should target this.
You here to be precise.
We'll target this with DOD.
Jason at the end.
This fetches all the elements in that post.
Note.
Keep in mind that this doesn't give us back an array though it gives us back an object where the properties
are these cryptic ID's and the values are again objects with the data we saved so we will need to transform
this can do this and we need to store it in the store anyways by adding a then block and also a catch
block in the catch block.
I simply want to execute context error and for the error to show the error page of something goes wrong
in the then block however we get the data and I want to store that in my state for data I will use view
x context and call the commit method.
Commit set posts.
But again said posts request requires an array.
We're getting back an object though so I need to transform this object to an array.
First we can do this manually.
The Post's array is an empty array here let's say and then we simply loop through all the keys in our
data object which we get back to be precise here.
We get the axial response and the response does have a data field though that will hold the actual data
we get.
Response also has feels like the status code.
So we loop through all the fields in the response data and response data it will just be an object with
a lot of keys like that.
The keys are extracted in that key constant here and we can now simply porch our values to the Post's
array.
So we push wrests data for a given key that will be the right side of the key so to say so the data
we also can store the actual ID by pushing a new object where we used to spread operator to pull out
all the properties we have in that data object were fetching for a given key and then we can add a new
property ID which is just a unique ID.
This can become handy if we later want to edit a post.
Now with that we're pushing that all on the Post's array.
Now we can commit this to our set Post's method.
If we now do this and we save debt we can go back to our application and we can go back to the starting
page.
And here we load my cool post.
Now we got an error regarding the thumbnail in Preview text which makes sense because we're not storing
that yet but the rest works thus far.
Now the thumbnail and preview text arrows.
These are things I want to fix in the next lecture.